Go away
Xiaoqing, I'm sorry
I'm late
Li Yang
You are indeed here
I knew it
Those two losers Jiang Yang and Zhao Yun can't kill you.
Xu Han
It's still too late for you to turn back now
Ouch
The former brat
It’s a game now
You forgot that you are just moving bricks
You're going to tell me everything about your past
You are just a poor loser
Just a waste
Put the knife down
I'm not familiar with you
Ah, did you make a mistake?
Now I have the final say here
please tell me
what do you want
What do you want?
what do i want
Hahaha
Ah I want money
Aren’t you very rich now?
Ah, I can’t even compare to you as a bastard.
I want you to give me all your money
As long as you put down the knife
I can give you all my money
No matter how busy you are
money is nothing
Come on, give me your payment address.
ah
I can only show off my money to you
I have to think of a way to make my blood and sweat go bankrupt
1 million, you are kidding me
Ah go
Xiaoqing, I am sorry.
I am late.
Li Yang
You really came
I knew it!
Jiang Yang and Zhao Yun, those two trash can't kill you
Xu Han
You can't go back now.
Yo hey
Former yakuza
Is it a game now?
You forgot you are just lifting bricks
About to tell me all about your past
You are a poor loser
Just a piece of crap
You put the knife down
I do not have the same knowledge as you.
Ah, are you mistaken?
Now I have the final say here
Please tell me.
What do you want?
What do I want?
Hahaha
Ah, I want money.
Aren't you very rich now?
Ah, I can't even compare to you
I want you to give me all your money
As long as you put the knife down
I can give you all my money.
No matter how busy you are
What is money
Come on, give me your payment address.
Ah!
I can only show you my money
I have to figure out a way to break the sweat
1 million you play me